Feng Ge
I want to be with you in the new house tonight
Then I'm looking forward to it
You worship money.
For money, I'm willing to give up anything
Rest assured, for the sake of life and wealth
I'll buy you a big one.
This is also an upscale community
Buying affordable housing
Go to the side
You are such a lowly person.
You dare to say that my brother Feng has no strength?
Call your manager over.
I am the manager
Xia Caiwei
blast
Who is Feng?
Xia Caiwei, the school beauty in our high school
School beauties are a thing of the past
You've developed quite well.
He bought a house here when he was young.
Where are you now?
Just a homeless person
Unexpected
I am lucky enough to be entertained by goddess Xia Caiwei today
If my old classmates knew about this
They must be envious to death
Then you think too much
Only large orders worth more than 5 million
It's worth a surprise
Are you qualified as an unemployed vagrant?